Arthur I didn't know you were interested
in meditation I was just thinking hey
mrs. McCready can I ask you a question
shoot let's say you went along with it
when somebody said you did this thing
that you didn't even know what it was
but then it turned out it was something
bad but it made other people think you
were cool is it okay not exactly to say
you did it but not to say you didn't do
it this thing I'm sorry Arthur I haven't
the slightest idea what you're talking
about but maybe you explained it more
slowly there he is
arrest him arrest him and making lock
him up and throw away the key huh
no no Muffy calm down what in nor vana
is going on Arthur stole my cellular
phone what why would I I did not did -
Arthur everybody knows you're the
biggest bleep er in school biggest what
bleep er someone who steals torch him
till he confesses send him up the river
for life he's a menace to society take
away his TV privileges no mommy here oh
hi mommy yes I did remember to tell mr.
Haney about my manicure appointment
Friday Arthur could I see you in my
office make yourself comfortable
I was rather upset when Muffy called you
the biggest deeper deeper yes in school
lollipop no thank you sir now I wouldn't
want to take care say two seriously if
we believed everything we heard we
probably still think the world was full
of monsters and sea serpents and people
would be afraid to go swimming which
would be ashamed
since swimming is a perfectly good form
of exercise and do it myself in fact but
bleeping
and now that's something very serious
indeed and if you have anything to do
with it I warned to stop immediately
because you will get caught then you'll
be in deep trouble yes sir
did I say that right bleeping LARPing
bleeping sir at greeting of course
run along now Arthur you'll be late for
class so what'd he do to you
well nothing he just warned me all right
did you tell him where to get off you
all con artists I bet you had him going
in circles
listen you guys there's something I have
to tell you I bet he sold out on us I
bet he told them everything he knew
about us otherwise how come mr. Haney
didn't punish him Arthur you didn't did
you didn't what I mean no why you little
cheat you little Squealer
why I oughta but I didn't I didn't oh
stop it
okay so if you didn't why don't you
prove it prove you really are a chief
glee / how gleep
all the ice cream bars from the
cafeteria
can't believe I'm doing this I'm a bit
surprised myself author mrs. macgrady I
didn't even notice you there when
meditating be as motionless as a stone
as silent as a block of wood
loud soo well I guess you might as well
take me to mr. hay so he can expel me
now why would I want to do a thing like
that uh I was stealing the ice cream
bars and and that's against the law why
I guess if everybody did it there would
never be any ice cream for anyone so
it's bad for everyone really in that
case why would you do it I guess I
wouldn't but the tough customers are
gonna pulverize me how can I explain
this to them author if you can tell them
what you just told me I'm sure they'll
understand you big liar you lie you just
lie you liar you big lying lie face well
I hope you've learned your lesson Arthur
which is namely never to lie because
when you lie you while we're doing a
very very bad thing hi Arthur I wanted
to tell you I'm glad you told the truth
hey anybody want to play kickball yeah
sure come on binky
come on Arthur I'm not mad at you
anymore
Oh